# CS-350

The two projects that I decided to talk about was the final project of the class in which we did the thermostat for cloud integration as that used various smaller states to come together to form a greater system. It included various devices, a temperature system was brought into the system to get temperture which then displayed on the lcd. It also got the manual inputs from the buttons for the modes and temperature setting via buttons controls with led feed back for cooling setting and heating setting. I velieve I did well for this project as I hit the land mark for the number of lines of code needed for achieving one of my working code with functing ability. I believe the next step in imporvement would be learning how to solder my own circuits to begin enginnering a true microcontroller. Skill-wise, I'll be transferring knowledge of building a code that can automates rotaion of multiple inputs and processing them as this system was made to handle a wide range of inputs simitaniously. I made this porject easily to maintained as using clear names and comments allowing for easy expoansion in the future. 

The second project would be the serial port. This is a more coding integration then simply building a circuit. The serial port allows for a system to encode and send signals to another system to decode to issue commands. This taught me how to build a sending service and a recieving service. I believe I did well in the coding as I'm able to send signals from one machine and am able to revice it elsewhere and have it display properly in the terminal of that port. I wish to expand my knowledge as this project simply had the two, send and recieving, clients on the same machine and I would like to have it be able to try to send it else where to see if's compatablity. However, the knowledge gained on how to send and recieve over a serial port will help me develop smaller micro services and embedded machines for my own use case. As said above, the comments and consistent naming conventions help with future maintance of the code.
